aio.h, rtems
arpa/inet.h, rtems
assert.h, newlib
complex.h, newlib
cpio.h, not supported
ctype.h, newlib
dirent.h, newlib
dlfcn.h, not supported
errno.h, newlib
fcntl.h, newlib
fenv.h, not supported
float.h, not supported
fmtmsg.h, not supported
fnmatch.h, newlib
ftw.h, not supported
glob.h, newlib
grp.h, newlib
iconv.h, newlib
inttypes.h, newlib
iso646.h, not supported
langinfo.h, newlib
libgen.h, newlib
limits.h, newlib
locale.h, newlib
math.h, newlib
monetary.h, not supported
mqueue.h, rtems
ndbm.h, not supported
net/if.h, rtems
netdb.h, rtems
netinet/in.h, rtems
netinet/tcp.h, rtems
nl_types.h, not supported
poll.h, rtems
pthread.h, newlib
pwd.h, newlib
regex.h, newlib
sched.h, newlib
search.h, newlib
semaphore.h, rtems
setjmp.h, newlib
signal.h, newlib
spawn.h, not supported
stdarg.h, GCC
stdbool.h, GCC
stddef.h, GCC
stdint.h, newlib
stdio.h, newlib
stdlib.h, newlib
string.h, newlib
strings.h, newlib
stropts.h, not supported
sys/ipc.h, not supported
sys/mman.h, not supported
sys/msg.h, not supported
sys/resource.h, newlib
sys/select.h, rtems
sys/sem.h, not supported
sys/shm.h, not supported
sys/socket.h, rtems
sys/stat.h, newlib
sys/statvfs.h, rtems
sys/time.h, newlib
sys/times.h, newlib
sys/types.h, newlib
sys/uio.h, rtems
sys/un.h, rtems
sys/utsname.h, rtems
sys/wait.h, newlib
syslog.h, rtems
tar.h, newlib
termios.h, newlib
tgmath.h, newlib
time.h, newlib
trace.h, rtems
ulimit.h, not supported
unistd.h, newlib
utime.h, newlib
utmpx.h, not supported
wchar.h, newlib
wctype.h, newlib
wordexp.h, newlib
